# CoreOS Software License Agreement - Tectonic Version @@VERSION@@

CoreOS, Inc. (**"CoreOS"**, **"we"**, or **"us"**) has developed
software that combines the CoreOS software stack with Kubernetes to
bring a Google-style infrastructure to any cloud or on-premises
environment. Before you download and/or use the Software (as defined
below), we need you to read and agree to this Software License Agreement
(this **"Agreement"**).

**PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING
THE SOFTWARE.** THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE
SOFTWARE, UNLESS WE HAVE EXECUTED A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH YOU
FOR THAT PURPOSE. WE ARE ONLY WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU IF
YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY
DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SOFTWARE OR BY CLICKING "I ACCEPT" BELOW, YOU
ARE CONFIRMING THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT YOU ACCEPT
ALL OF ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT
ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU
HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND IT TO THIS AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE
"YOU" WILL MEAN THAT ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF
YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN
WE ARE UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU, AND YOU MAY NOT
DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR USE IT.

1\. *Definitions*. Here are some definitions we use in this Agreement:

The "Agreement Effective Date" is the date that you click "I Accept" to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

"Community Forum" means the CoreOS community forum located at
<https://coreos.com/community/>.

"Documentation" means any manuals, guides, documentation and other
supporting materials related to the Software that we make generally
available to our customers. Documentation is considered part of the
Software.

The "Download Date" is the date you download the Software from
http://account.coreos.com.

"License Key" means a data file utilized by the Softwares access
control mechanism that allows you to use the Software during the License
Term.

"License Term" means one (1) year from the Download Date.

"Node" means either a Virtual Node or a Physical Node.

A "Physical Node" is a physical server.

"Software" means the object-code version of our proprietary software
application known as Tectonic. Software includes all applicable
Documentation, as well as any Updates to the Software that we provide
you or that you can access under this Agreement. You understand and
agree that any software delivered or made available to you pursuant to
this Agreement will be considered Software hereunder.

An "Update" is a Software release that we make generally available to
our customers, along with any corresponding changes to Documentation. An
Update may be an error correction or bug fix, usually indicated by a
change in the digit to the right of the second decimal point (e.g., a
change from version x.x.x to x.x.y); or it may be an enhancement, a new
feature, or new functionality, usually indicated by a change in the
digit to the right of the first decimal point (e.g., x.x.x to x.y.x) or
to the left of the first decimal point (e.g., x.x.x to y.x.x).

A "Virtual Node" means virtual server instance.

2\. **License Grant**. Subject to your compliance with the terms of this
Agreement, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
worldwide, royalty-free, limited-term license to install, execute, and
use a single instance of the Software on up to ten (10) Nodes for your
internal business purposes during the License Term, in accordance with
the Documentation. Your agents and contractors can use the Software,
too, so long as they are using it on your behalf, and provided that: (i)
you agree to be fully responsible for their behavior under this
Agreement, and (ii) you do not collectively exceed the Node restriction
set forth above.

3\. **Restrictions**. We license the Software to you - we do not sell it.
As between us (and except with respect to the open source components
described below), we own all right, title and interest in and to the
Software, and any intellectual property rights associated with it and
with our company. We reserve all rights in and to the Software that we
do not expressly grant you in this Agreement. You agree that your
company may not license multiple instances of the Software pursuant to
this Agreement (whether by downloading the Software multiple times, or
by entering into multiple instances of this Agreement), and that doing
so shall be a material breach of this Agreement. You agree not to, nor
permit nor authorize any third party to: (i) sublicense, sell, rent,
lease, transfer, assign, or distribute the Software to third parties;
(ii) host the Software for the benefit of third parties; (iii) disclose
or permit any third party to use the Software, except as expressly
permitted in Section 2, above; (iv) hack or modify the License Key, or
try to avoid or change any license registration process we may
implement; (v) modify or create derivative works of the Software, or
merge the Software with other software; (vi) disassemble, decompile,
bypass any code obfuscation, or otherwise reverse engineer the Software
or attempt to derive any of its source code, in whole or in part, except
to the extent such activities are expressly permitted by law or
applicable license notwithstanding this prohibition; (vii) modify,
obscure, or delete any proprietary rights notices included in or on the
Software or Documentation; (viii) otherwise use or copy the Software in
a manner not expressly permitted by this Agreement; or (ix) use the
Software beyond its applicable License Term. You agree that the Software
may transmit usage data to us via the Internet, and you give us
permission to use that data both for our internal analytics purposes and
to monitor the ways you are using the Software.

4\. **Open Source**. The Software may contain open source components
("OSS Components"). As a result, in addition to the proprietary code
that we are licensing to you under this Agreement, your use of the
Software may be subject to certain open source licenses. A description
of the OSS Components, and references to those licenses, can be found at
<https://coreos.com/legal/open-source/>. You agree that you are
responsible for complying with the terms of all applicable open source
licenses in your use of the Software and the OSS Components.

5\. **Feedback**. During the term of this Agreement, you may provide us
with feedback concerning the Software, or you may provide us with other
comments and suggestions for new products, features or improvements
(collectively, "Feedback"). You acknowledge that we will own all right,
title, and interest in and to the Feedback, and you hereby irrevocably
transfer and assign to us all of your right, title and interest in such
Feedback, including all intellectual property rights therein. At our
request and expense, you agree to execute documents or take such further
actions as we may reasonably request to help us acquire, perfect, and
maintain our rights in the Feedback.

6\. **Government Users**. We do not develop any technical data or
computer software pursuant to this Agreement. The Software and
Documentation have been developed solely with private funds, are
considered "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer
Software Documentation" as described in FAR 12.212, FAR 27.405-3, and
DFARS 227.7202-3, and are licensed to U.S. Government end users as
restricted computer software and limited rights data. Any use,
disclosure, modification, distribution, or reproduction of the Software
or Documentation by the U.S. Government, its end users or contractors is
subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

7\. **Delivery**. Promptly after the applicable Download Date, we will
make the initial License Key available to you. As Updates become
available, we will make those available for you to download, as well.
You are responsible for: (i) installing the Software and all available
Updates; (ii) maintaining the confidentiality of the usernames and
passwords that are being used to access and use the Software, including
the ones you use to download the Software; and (iii) any activity that
takes place using your usernames and passwords.

8\. **Term and Termination.**

8.1 *Term*. This Agreement starts on the Agreement Effective Date and,
unless terminated earlier as provided for herein, will remain in effect
for the duration of the License Term (the "Initial Term"). At the end of
the Initial Term, unless a party terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Sections 8.3 or 8.4, this Agreement will automatically renew for
additional terms of equivalent duration to the initial License Term
(each, a "Renewal Term").

8.2 *Termination for Convenience*. Either party can terminate this
Agreement for its convenience upon thirty (30) days written notice to
the other.

8.3 *Termination for Breach*. We can terminate this Agreement
immediately upon written notice to you if you breach any part of it, and
you fail to cure the breach within thirty (30) days of us notifying you
of it. We reserve the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon
written notice to you, and without giving you a cure period, if you
breach any of the terms of this Agreement relating to our intellectual
property (including your compliance with the license grant and any
license restrictions) or our Confidential Information (defined below).

8.4 *Effect of Termination*. When this Agreement terminates or expires:
(i) you will no longer have the right to use the Software, and any
licenses we grant you in this Agreement will immediately cease to exist
as of the date of termination/expiration; (ii) you will destroy all
copies of the Software in your possession or control; and (iii) each of
us will promptly return to the other (or, if the other party requests
it, destroy) all Confidential Information belonging to the other.
Sections 1, 3, 4, 5, 8.4, and 10-14 will survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement for any reason.

9\. **Community Forum Access.** Since you are not paying any fees for
your license of the Software, support is not included. The Community
Forum is a great place to get your questions answered, troubleshoot
issues, and collaborate with other users of the Software. Access to the
Community Forum is free, and available anytime.

10\. **No Warranty; Disclaimer**. You acknowledge that the Software is
being provided "AS IS", with all faults, and without warranty of any
kind, express or implied. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE
SOFTWARE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF
COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER
ORAL OR WRITTEN, THAT YOU FROM US OR ANYWHERE ELSE WILL CREATE ANY
WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

11\. **Limitation of Liability.**

11.1 *Waiver of Consequential Damages*. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD
PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL, OR ANY
INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS) OR FOR THE COST OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE
PRODUCTS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER
CAUSED, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON
CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

11.2 *Limitation of Total Liability*. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, OUR TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND ALL THEORIES OF
LIABILITY, WILL BE LIMITED TO AND WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF: (I)
THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF ANY FEES YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID TO US UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT DURING THE SIX MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE ACCRUAL OF THE
FIRST CLAIM; OR (II) FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS (\$500). MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL
NOT EXPAND THIS LIMITATION.

11.3 *Basis of Bargain*. You understand and agree that we have set our
prices and entered into this Agreement with you in reliance upon the
limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement, which allocate
risk between us and form the basis of a bargain between the parties.

12\. **Confidentiality.**

12.1 *Definition of Confidential Information*. For the purposes of this
Agreement, "Confidential Information" means any business or technical
information that either one of us discloses to the other, in writing,
orally, or by any other means, and including things like computer
programs, code, algorithms, data, know-how, formulas, processes, ideas,
inventions (whether patentable or not), schematics and other technical,
business, financial, and product development plans, names and expertise
of employees and consultants, and customer lists. For the purposes of
this Agreement, the source code of the CoreOS-proprietary portions of
the Software will be deemed to be our Confidential Information,
regardless of whether it is marked as such.

12.2 *Restrictions on Use and Disclosure*. Neither of us will use the
other partys Confidential Information, except as permitted under this
Agreement. Each of us agrees to maintain in confidence and protect the
other partys Confidential Information using at least the same degree of
care as we use for its own information of a similar nature, but in all
events at least a reasonable degree of care. Each of us agrees to take
all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of the
others Confidential Information, including, without limitation,
disclosing Confidential Information only to its employees, independent
contractors, consultants, and legal and financial advisors
(collectively, "Representatives"): (i) with a need to know such
information, (ii) who are parties to appropriate agreements sufficient
to comply with this Section 12, and (iii) who are informed of the
nondisclosure obligations imposed by this Section 12. Each of us will be
responsible for all acts and omissions of our Representatives. The
foregoing obligations will not restrict either of us from disclosing
Confidential Information of the other party pursuant to the order or
requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental
body, provided that the party required to make such a disclosure gives
reasonable notice to the other party to enable them to contest such
order or requirement.

12.3 *Exclusions*. The restrictions set forth in Section 12.2 will not
apply with respect to any Confidential Information that: (i) was or
becomes publicly known through no fault of the receiving party; (ii) was
rightfully known or becomes rightfully known to the receiving party
without confidential or proprietary restriction from a source other than
the disclosing party who has a right to disclose it; (iii) is approved
by the disclosing party for disclosure without restriction in a written
document which is signed by a duly authorized officer of such disclosing
party; or (iv) the receiving party independently develops without access
to or use of the other partys Confidential Information.

13\. **Governing Law and Jurisdiction**. This Agreement will be governed
by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws.
The parties expressly agree that the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer
Information Transactions Act will not apply to this Agreement. Any legal
action or proceeding arising under, related to or connected with this
Agreement will be brought exclusively in the federal (if they have
jurisdiction) or state courts located in San Francisco, California and
the parties irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue
of such court(s).

14\. **Miscellaneous.**

14.1 *Assignment*. You are not allowed to assign or transfer any of your
rights or obligations in this Agreement, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent, and
any attempt by you to do so without our consent will be null and void.
We can assign this Agreement in its entirety, upon notice to you but
without the requirement to obtain consent, in connection with a merger,
acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially
all of our business or assets.

14.2 *Severability*. In the event that any provision of this Agreement
is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid,
or unenforceable, the court will modify or reform this Agreement to give
as much effect as possible to that provision. Any provision that cannot
be modified or reformed in this way will be deemed deleted, and the
remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and
effect.

14.3 *Notices*. Any legal notice, request, demand or other communication
required or permitted under this Agreement should be in writing, should
reference this Agreement, and will be deemed to be properly given: (i)
upon receipt, if delivered personally; (ii) upon confirmation of receipt
by the intended recipient, if by e-mail; (iii) five (5) business days
after it is sent by registered or certified mail, with written
confirmation of receipt; or (iv) three (3) business days after deposit
with an internationally recognized express courier, with written
confirmation of receipt.

14.4 *Waiver*. A partys obligations under this Agreement can only be
waived in a writing signed by an authorized representative of the other
party, which waiver will be effective only with respect to the specific
obligation described. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of
this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other
provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

14.5 *Force Majeure*. Each of us will be excused from performing under
this Agreement to the extent that a party is unable to perform due to
extraordinary causes beyond its reasonable control. That might include
things like natural disasters or emergencies, strikes, lockouts, riots,
acts of war, epidemics, or communication line and/or power failures.

14.6 *Independent Contractors*. We are each independent contractors with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Nothing contained in
this Agreement will be deemed or construed in any manner whatsoever to
create a partnership, joint venture, employment, agency, fiduciary, or
other similar relationship between us, and neither of us can bind the
other contractually.

14.7 *Amendments; Entire Agreement*. No modification, change, or
amendment of this Agreement will be binding upon the parties, unless we
both agree to the change in a writing signed by each of our authorized
representatives. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and
understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter, and
supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous understandings and
agreements, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to
its subject matter.

14.8 *No Other Terms*. This Agreement is the only agreement between us,
and the terms of any purchase order, written terms or conditions, or
other document that you send us that contains terms that are different
from, in conflict with, or in addition to the terms of this Agreement
are hereby rejected by CoreOS, and will be void and of no effect.

14.9 *Publicity*. We may identify you as a customer to current and
prospective clients. We will not use your name or logo in any
advertising or marketing materials without your permission; and if we
ask for your permission, you always have the right to say no.
